# Unity_ML_Agents
The idea of this project is sparked by a well-known game produced by EA named FIFA. In this project we are trying to retrace the navigation approach of the AI players in the game for them to navigate themselves to the ball. We created a mini soccer field, a player and a soccer ball. At the beginning of every round, the player and the ball are generated in different locations of the map. Following our written algorithms, the player should find himself the way to the ball without bumping into the goal or running out of bounds. If the player successfully got the ball the sample field will turn green, otherwise it will turn red.

In this project we combined positive and negative reinforcement learning. If the player ran out of bounds, the mark would be deduced by 1. If he bumped into the goals, the mark would also be deduced by 1. The only scenario when the player is rewarded by 1 mark is that he successfully gets the ball. We have 25 training running parallelly and set the total training times to be 500,000. After training, the successful rate for the player to get the ball reaches 96 percent. The agents learned to avoid bounds and goals and find his shortest way directly to the ball.

Due to limited time and busy final schedules for every team member, there are still targets we tried to achieve but still requiring time to develop and optimize. It took us about a week figuring out a method for the player to shoot the goal. However, we stuck in the training algorithms for it and regretfully removed it from the project. If we had more time, we could achieve the shooting function and then adding a second team player in the game for them to compete. Every team member contributed equally to this project. Some of them occasionally missed some meetings or fell behind a little due to their final schedules, but we rearranged additional meetings and they made up for the progression. Every one did a great job.
